Now let's get up to speed
with Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's!
The Fortune Cup?
Yeah, it's this big tournament
between a bunch of people
Kiaba Corp randomly selected.
And hey, get this!
They selected me.
I'm gonna be in it.
Actually, they selected me.
Technically,
they selected Luna,
but she's too
scared to enter,
so I'm gonna
pretend to be her
and enter and
then win that thing.
Delivery...
for Mr. Yusei Fudo.
We'd like for you
to participate
in the Fortune Cup.
If you refuse,
the four people you
see in that photograph
will pay the penalty
for the rogue actions
you took in
obtaining that runner.
Have a good evening.
(maniacal laugh)
The Black Rose is no legend.
She's the most
amazing duelist ever.
Her cards come alive.
There's a rumor going around
saying she's gonna pop up
at the street duels today.
Hey Jack.
I heard you'll be
at the Fortune Cup.
Word gets around fast.
I got a deal for you, Yusei,
for your Stardust Dragon.
You add it to your deck.
Win, and then you
can keep the card.
I win, I get it,
and then you and me
are straight.
The Black Rose!
Run!
♪
Whose dragon is that?
The Black Rose is real!
I made sure the Black Rose
got the invitation.
She'll be dueling here
along with Yusei.
(maniacal laugh)
Then all is going as planned.
Soon the Crimson Dragon
will rise.
And Yusei will fall.
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think
you can win? ♪
♪ Only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the
wind, it's blowing
me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
runnin' side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the
wind, it's blowing
me around ♪
♪ See the sun arisin' ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts itself
into our lives ♪
♪
This is gonna be
the best match ever.
♪
Well?
What do you think?
How do I look, guys?
Leo, you're as good
a Luna as Luna is.
Yahoo!
(groans)
Don't embarrass me.
Come on, Luna,
just chill out.
I'm about to make you
a dueling legend.
What do you say,
Mr. Amnesia Man?
Ready?
Yep, but I think
the makeup should go.
Okay, but only if
you tell me your name.
You'll find out
soon enough.
Awesome!
I bet it's really cool!
There's something up
with this whole
Fortune Cup thing.
Be careful, Yusei.
Watch your back.
Duelists young and old,
professional and
amateur alike,
put your hands together for
our master of ceremonies,
Director Rex Goodwin!
(audience cheering)
R-E-X!
(groaning)
♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
Red Dragon Archfiend
has taken to the skies.
You know what that means!
Let's hear it for
the reigning champion,
the King of the Cards,
the one man who
rules the duels,
the Master of Faster himself,
Jack Atlas!
♪
New Domino City!
What's say we kick
this tournament
into overdrive?
Let's get this started.
It's time we meet
the lucky duelists
who were selected
to compete for
the chance to go
head-to-head
with Mr. Atlas...
the Fortune eight!
(motor hums)
Here we go, this is it.
Whoa-whoa!
Look at all the people!
♪
(maniacal laughing)
Ahh!
♪
Now, let's hear it for
the always mysterious Shira.
The Great Greiger.
Commander Koda.
The Professor.
Miss Akiza Izinski.
Sir Randsborg.
The lovely Miss Luna.
And Yusei Fudo!
Hey, dudes.
That guy's got a mark.
Yeah, totally.
What's a Satellite
doing here?
Who is that lowlife?
I'll bet you anything
he took someone's invitation.
(groaning)
So your name's Yusei?
Yep.
Now don't wear it out.
That's not much of a
superhero name, is it?
Super what?
Never mind.
Lose the loser!
(stammering)
Give me that.
I have to say something.
♪
My name is Greiger.
I know things are
different in this city,
but where I come from,
you judge a guy
on his spirit.
This kid right here
may have been branded
by your people
as a no-good,
but when I look at him,
all I see is a duelist.
And being a duelist myself,
that means I have
to respect him
until he gives me
a reason not to.
Because a duelist
doesn't judge
another duelist based
on where he comes from,
or who his family is,
or how much money he has.
That isn't what really matters.
♪
Hmph.
(clapping)
♪
(frantic laughing)
Here's your mic.
Thank you.
♪
Thank you for those well-chosen
and heartfelt words.
In our world,
social status
and personal wealth
draw a line
between ourselves
and our fellow men.
But I had a vision
of a duel tournament
that would, if only
for a fleeting while,
remove that line.
A tournament separate from
the competition of life
where the haves
and the have-nots
could meet each other
on a level playing field
and prove themselves
to each other
and to the world.
Fellow duelists, welcome
to the Fortune Cup!
♪
And now, let's turn
to the bracket shuffler!
And find out who's dueling who
in the first match.
Look, I'm dueling Greiger
in the very first duel!
♪
I can take that guy.
I know I can.
♪
Zigzix tells me he's
got everything in order.
Now we'll know for certain
if the signers are
who we hope they are.
(laughs)
Good morning, Director.
Now, by aligning
a neuron emulator
with my energy allocator,
and then spinning
some particles
and crashing some atoms,
I was able to come up
with a device that
could detect the
mysterious power
called Ener-D.
It's my most inspired
invention yet!
It's amazing!
And...fits in your purse.
I give you...
the one and only
stupendously fabulous
Zigzix creation...
the D-Tector.
By placing remote sensors
all over the stadium,
and feeding their signal
into the D-Tector,
I'll be able to spot
even the slightest
Ener-D activity.
Excellent.
Let's find those signers.
♪
Give me an A,
give me a T,
give me an L,
give me an A,
give me an S.
What's that spell?
This Duel Disk you
fixed up for me rocks!
Glad you like it.
I can't believe
I'm actually
about to do this.
You don't have like,
any last minute pointers
for me, do you?
Yep, remember to adapt
to your opponent.
I could do that.
Nice 'stache.
(cheering)
Before we meet
our first duelists,
we have a quick word
from our duel sponsors.
If your dog's bad breath
is making you sick,
give him Tomatol's Mintbone,
the sparkling
edible stinkbuster.
And now, coming to us
straight from the tops,
a precious half-pint
bundle of wonder,
little Miss Luna!
Oh wow, this is incredible!
I should've brought my camera.
Hoping to take her down,
the Wall of Wallop,
the Tower of Power,
Greiger!
All right, children,
play nice!
Let's shake those hands.
♪
That was cool the way
you just grabbed that mic
and defended my friend.
I want you to know it's
a big-time honor to be
dueling you today,
Mr. Greiger.
If I may say so,
Miss Luna,
you have quite
a strong grip
for a young lady.
(nervous laugh)
That's funny 'cause
everyone at school
calls me a tomboy.
Did I mention I
was a cheerleader?
I do not act like that!
And now, it's time
to start the duel.
Players, activate
your Duel Disks!
-Let's duel!
The first move's mine.
I draw.
From my hand I activate
Star Blast!
A spell?
You're not starting
with a monster?
I first have to lower
my monster's level
by harnessing the
power of Star Blast
and sacrificing 500 life points.
Why would you
do all of that?
See, my Summon Reactor
SK is a level five,
so by taking its
power down a notch,
I can summon it
directly to the field
in attack mode.
Yikes!
It's got 2,000 attack points!
That's right.
I believe that one
must sacrifice a little
in order to gain a lot.
I end my turn with
a facedown card.
Greiger's off to
a strong start.
Let's see how little
Miss Luna responds.
Here I go.
I draw!
You're not the only one
off to a strong start!
I summon Morphtronic Celfon
in attack mode!
♪
Pretty cool,
don't you think?
My Morphtronic deck rules!
And I'm about to show you why.
Before you make any more moves,
I get to activate Reactor SK's
special ability.
Because you summoned
a monster to the field,
Reactor SK gets to hit you
with 800 points of damage.
♪
(grunts)
Incredible!
Greiger's monster
can attack Miss Luna
anytime she summons a monster!
Greiger was the right
choice for this.
His relentless tactics
will have that girl
showing her true
colors in no time.
Not bad, mister!
But it's gonna take
more than that to weaken
my Morphtronic deck.
That's right,
kid, get excited.
Let's find out if you
really are who Goodwin
thinks you are.
You keep on talking up
these Morphtronics of yours,
but so far I am not impressed.
Yeah, well, I'm about
to impress your face!
I can't watch.
I'll never be able
to live this down.
All right, let's go Celfon!
Start dialing now!
Whatever number
the dial lands on,
that's the number of cards
from the top of my deck
I get to flip over.
And if the last card
I flip is a level four
or below Morphtronic,
then I can summon it out.
And we've got a two!
♪
The second card is...
Oh yeah!
Get ready for
Morphtronic Boomboxen
coming at you live!
Hah!
When the monster card
Morphtronic Boomboxen
is attacked while
in defense mode,
that attack can be
negated once per turn.
Now, I play a facedown,
and end my turn.
Now, if he plays a
monster card next round
and attacks with it,
boy will he ever
be surprised
when I flip over
my facedown,
'cause then I'll be able
to summon out this bad boy.
And then I'll have him
right where I want him.
♪
Still no signal.
Zilch!
Nothing.
Come on, Luna,
any day now.
We need to find out
if you have the mark
of the dragon.
♪
Something wrong?
Just a headache.
It's my turn!
I draw.
And from my hand I summon
Trap Reactor Y Fi
to the field
in attack mode.
(growls)
Trap Reactor, attack!
Take out Morphtronic Celfon!
♪
Gotcha, Greiger!
I activate my Morphtransition
Trap Card!
And now I can switch my
Celfon to defense mode
and put your attack on hold.
Hah, by playing your trap,
you walked right into mine.
It's called Trap Reactor
for a reason after all.
You see, Trap Reactor reacts
to your Trap Card
activation,
and lays directly into you
for 800 points of damage.
Attack!
(growls)
(grunts)
Oh no!
This guy is playing a real
bait and switch game
making Leo's moves backfire.
It's almost like he's
toying with Leo to get him
all worked up emotionally.
Don't let him get to you, Leo.
That was a cheap shot.
That's right,
get fired up.
Goodwin says you
might be a signer,
so bring it on!
Defeat me with the power
of the Crimson Dragon!
♪
Still nothing.
Maybe if...
(beeping)
I'm not done with
you yet, little girl.
I've got more fight for you.
Bring it!
Summon Reactor SK,
unplug that Boomboxen
permanently!
♪
It appears as if
Summon Reactor SK
has been grounded
by Boomboxen.
Ha-ha!
When my Boomboxen's
in defense mode,
it's able to tune out
one attack every turn.
But that only allows me
to use Damage Summon.
See, after an unsuccessful
attack on your monster,
Damage Summon allows me to
sacrifice 800 life points
in order to summon
a new monster.
So you're sacrificing
your own life points again?
I am, and next I summon
Spell Reactor RE to the field.
♪
When your opponent
activates a Spell Card,
Spell Reactor RE
destroys that card
and deals 800 points
of damage once per turn.
You might not like
the sound of this,
but Spell Reactor RE,
beat down that Boomboxen!
♪
My tunes, ah!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Finally, he's done.
At least I was able
to keep Celfon around,
'cause as long as
it's still in play,
I can use it to summon
Gadget Hauler next.
And once I do that,
it'll be game over
for Greiger.
He's still focusing
on combos he likes.
He's not adapting.
You don't seem very rattled.
Don't you realize that I've
backed you into a corner!
Huh?
I've got all three
of my Reactor monsters
on my field.
You've already brought
direct damage on yourself
by summoning out monsters
and triggering Trap Cards.
So, what power do
you think this next
Reactor monster possesses?
Seems obvious to me.
Of course!
If I use a spell,
I'll take direct damage
from Spell Reactor RE,
and 'cause of the other two,
if I summon a monster
or activate a trap,
I'll get nailed, too.
Not good.
Ah!
That's right.
Every duelist needs to be
able to summon monsters
and activate traps
and spells,
but if you do
any of that,
you're going to bring
damage onto yourself.
I can spend the rest of
the duel doing nothing
but watching you chip away
at your own life points
every time you try
to do something.
(groaning)
Don't get scared.
♪
I'm still not getting
any signal whatsoever!
Maybe the girl's
just not a signer.
We've conducted
an investigation.
We have every reason
to believe she is.
Your job is to find us the
hard proof we need, Zigzix.
You can do that, can't you?
Mm-hmm.
There is one anomaly I
should probably mention.
The sensor has detected
a faint signal emanating
from the stands.
From the stands
and not from Luna?
♪
You okay?
Should we get you to a doc?
I'm fine, it's just
a little headache.
So, every time
I make a move,
I'm gonna lose
800 life points.
I don't know what to do,
I'm stuck!
No.
I just have to adapt.
You're going down!
Finally, she's getting fired up.
Get angry, kid.
Show me that mark.
I've never tried this before,
but here it goes.
This next round
determines everything.
It's my move.
Now I draw and activate
Celfon's special ability!
Dial now!
When Morphtronic Celfon
is in defense mode,
it randomly dials a
number and allows you
to look at the same
number of cards
from the top
of your deck
as the number selected.
(dialing)
♪
What's it gonna be?
It's a three!
And I can look
at three cards.
Sweet!
I've got more Morphtronics
on the way.
I think I can win this.
I switch Celfon
into attack mode.
♪
Start dialing now!
I've gotta be able to bust
out Morphtronic Datatron.
Come on!
One, one!
All right, there we go!
Hah!
I summon Morphtronic Datatron
in attack mode!
♪
(beeping)
(groans)
Is it getting worse, Luna?
I can't tell.
I just feel really weak.
♪
Your life points don't stand
a chance against me,
little girl,
'cause no matter
what card you play,
you're taking damage.
These Reactors of Greiger
have got Luna
pinned to the wall.
I can't watch!
And yet, I can't look away!
This is it.
By, um, releasing a
monster on my field,
I can activate
Datatron's special power,
which will burn you
with 600 points
of direct damage.
So, I release Celfon!
♪
All right.
So far so good.
And now, I release Datatron
in order to Advance Summon
Gadget Hauler.
♪
(truck honks horn)
Ta-da!
Now, unless I'm mistaken,
I won't take any damage
'cause Summon Reactor's
special ability
only works once a turn, right?
Phew, I was wondering why
he risked another summon.
That was a good call.
Leo needs to stay focused now
and not go crazy or break loose.
Time to break loose!
From my hand, I release
Morphtronic Magnen.
♪
Now, whenever I send
one of my Morphtronics
from my hand to the Graveyard,
Gadget Hauler gains
800 attack points.
Thatta girl.
Come at me with
everything you've got.
Next, I activate
the Factory of
100 Machines spell!
And with the power
of this card,
I'm able to remove
every Morphtronic
in my Graveyard from play.
What's this all about?
It appears as if
four of Luna's
Morphtronic monsters
are hitchhiking a ride
with Gadget Hauler.
For every machine-type monster
catching a ride with it,
Gadget Hauler gains
200 attack points.
So, now it's got
a whopping 2,900!
(crowd cheers)
The activation
of that Spell Card
brings you one step
closer to certain defeat.
Spell Reactor, attack!
♪
And that leaves you with only
800 life points, little girl.
One more move,
and you're finished.
No, not if I attack!
You don't have
a Battle Reactor!
Gadget Hauler,
take out his
Trap Reactor Y Fi!
♪
(explosion)
Yeah-ha!
Greiger had 2,100 life points.
If this attack worked,
then your bro
might have a chance.
Go, Leo!
There you are, yes!
♪
Did it work?
(chuckles)
You may be small,
but you have a warrior's spirit.
As a warrior myself,
I salute your strength.
Well, thanks I guess,
but how come you're not...
like, damaged?
Because of the Delta
Reactor Trap Card.
What does that do?
By sending Summon Reactor,
Trap Reactor and Spell Reactor
to the Graveyard,
I can negate your
attack and activate
Delta Reactor,
and use Flying Fortress
SKY FIRE to summon
a rain of doom.
Ah!
It looks like Greiger
has activated the
fatal Trap Card!
This duel might be over.
Could Luna be our first loser?
Ahh!
♪
I activate Flying Fortress
SKY FIRE's special ability.
And with this,
I can send a card
to my Graveyard in order
to obliterate one card
on your field.
Victory is mine!
♪
(explosions)
Gadget Hauler!
And now you're wide open
for a direct attack!
♪
(explosion)
(screaming)
♪
It's over!
Greiger will be advancing
to the second round,
and Luna will be
getting a gift basket.
I can't believe I lost.
Man, this stinks.
♪
Too bad.
He dueled well, though.
Oh.
What is it?
My headache's gone.
Just like that.
♪
Bravo, Mr. Greiger.
That was quite
an explosive duel.
(maniacal chuckle)
Your intel's bad.
You said you were
looking for a girl.
That kid was obviously a boy.
It seems we were the victims
of a little identity prank.
Twins?
Twins.
The D-Tector wasn't
picking up any Ener-D
from the kid dueling,
but I did end up
getting a signal.
It was coming from
this girl in the stands.
So, now we just have to
push her to her limits.
♪